# Thunderboard CLI

This program will serve as a cli to interact with the Thunderboard Discord bot.
There are 5 main commands:

- `thunderboard-cli config token <token>`: This command will allow you to set the access token generated by the bot.
- `thunderboard-cli config server <server-url>`: This command will allow you to set the url of the api.
- `thunderboard-cli list`: This command will list all the sound clips available to play.
- `thunderboard-cli play <sound-id>`: This command will play the sound clip of your choice.
- `thunderboard-cli add <sound-name> <sound-file>`: This command will upload a sound clip to the bot.

## Building
You need rust and cargo. Easily installed via `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`
Then you only need to run `cargo build --release` and the binary will be available at `target/release/thunderboard-cli`

## Installation
Copy the file you built or downloaded from releases to a directory in your PATH. For example: `cp target/release/thunderboard-cli /usr/local/bin/thunderboard-cli`
Get a token provided to you by the hoster of the bot and run `thunderboard-cli token <token>`
Get the url of the server and run `thunderboard-cli server https://api.example.com`

Note: The server URL shouldn't have a trailing slash or contain an /api path.

You are now ready to use the cli.

## Usage
Run `thunderboard-cli list` to list all the sound clips available to play.
Run `thunderboard-cli play <sound-id>` to play the sound clip of your choice.
Run `thunderboard-cli add <sound-name> <sound-file>` to upload a sound clip to the bot.
For all of these commands you will need to have set the token and the api url.